

"GENERAL EXPLANATION"
this is a rogue-like game where you work as an ingredients collector for a dungeon restaurant! 
you explore the map while avoiding danger, such as hostile plants and animals,
scary areas and even...adventurers! You must gather ingredients everyday 
helping to maintaining the restaurant going!
The restaurant is administered by different bosses, each with special preferences...that
you might want to keep track of if you want that special one to really like you!...


"Tutorial tip!"
You should probably choose carefully what to take, as you have limited space and 
can't take items off of yourself while not in the restaurant...
But don't go too far either! you might get too tired and get pretty much nothing!
 Imagine what a wasted day that would be...
 
"PROGRESSION?" // not needed...
After a long day of work, its always nice to receive your most waited reward.. leftovers!
your character becomes stronger by eating whatever the costumers didn't feel like eating!
Is it legal that you only get rests from working on the restaurant? Well... I am sure that..
Well, don't concern yourself with such a thing. Lets focus on the fun parts!
You can get combinations of different ingredients to get some nice bonuses as well! 
(nothing too complex, there will probably be a recipe book for it, the player shouldn't think
too hard on that, not a big brain system) 
Better rest, the next day might get harder, and you dont want those plates empty! I mean..
for the clients, obviously.

"SPECIAL EVENT!" // mayybe not needed
Sometimes you would be warned that the next day would be specially busy, and that you would
need to work a lot harder.. thats because... humans are coming! A special event!
Of course, you dont have to deal with the ideas of money or anything like that... directly! 
your efficiency will reflect on the appearance of the restaurant, the overall reward you get obviously,
and with time it might even difficult the care the other bosses give to their passion... 
Anyway, special events would sometimes happen and would require much more efficiency to be passed
without a hit!



About theme/fantasy:
This is a dungeon, with monsters and all, and that should reflect on the content presented!
To make an interesting atmosphere jokes referencing rpg-game elements in the restaurant area
are totally acceptable and incentivized! Ingredients could have interesting characteristics,
like some stories do with witches and all. characters will have their own unique story so
we should probably stablish some characteristics of this world. Such as the relationship
between humans and monsters! i think they should be able to "coexist", obviously still
in conflict because.. i mean, duuh? humans have conflicts with themselves! thats kinda their
thing really. so, humans are annoying and all but monsters have formed a functional society
and are totally ok, having restaurants and all! 



